Wiki Update (#242)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/guides/textSplitting.md

# Text Splitting
Text splitting functions are useful for advanced codes that deal with multiple user arguments, or even adjusting function outputs *(for advanced users)*. This wiki includes information on how to use these functions.

# Functions

> There are seven functions in Text Splitting. One of them - $textSplit - is the main function that you start to work with Text Splitting.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't seem to be grammatical

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are 7 functions in Text Splitting. One of them is `$textSplit`, which starts all the use of Text Splitting, as well as its study.
```

Reviewer: I would go with something like this instead:
```suggestion
There are 7 functions in this guide. One of them, `$textSplit`, is the main function that you start off 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are 7 functions in this guide. One of them, `$textSplit`, is the main function that you start off.
```

## $joinSplitText
This function returns the current elements of the separated text with the specified (sometimes new) separator.

### Usage
```
$joinSplitText[separator]
```

#### Breakdown
- `separator` - (The new) separator with which the elements should be returned.

### Example
See example below, using [$removeSplitTextElement](#removesplittextelement) or [$editSplitText](#editsplittext).

## $removeSplitTextElement
This function removes an element from the separated text by the specified index.

### Usage
```
$removeSplitTextElement[index]
```

#### Breakdown
- `index` - The index of the element to be removed.

### Example
```
$textSplit[hello-world-!;-]

$onlyIf[$getTextSplitIndex[$message]!=-1;The specified element wasn't found or doesn't exist!]

$removeSplitTextElement[$getTextSplitIndex[$message]]
Successfully removed element with index $getTextSplitIndex[$message]!
Current elements: $joinSplitText[-]
```

![$removeSplitTextElement](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70456337/209445832-e8922a39-c311-4d20-bb19-cddc2db18ecc.png)

## $editSplitText

> This function replaces the element with the specified index with a new element instead of the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function replaces the element at the specified index with a new element instead of the previous one.
```
